Pedro, the personal brand is something
very relevant, as you have demonstrated
yourself with what you are telling
us, with your experience and with
your baggage, but people barely work it.
What would you say?
What recommendations would you give them?
I believe that personal branding
today is something that is
a reality and that is fundamental
for anyone.
I have a phrase that I like a lot
and it is, there are no second
chances for first impressions,
whether you want to connect, that
you want to find work, that
you are looking for a partner
or that you are trying to
hire people.
Personal branding is the beginning
of any relationship.
What would you say to people?
We are not aware of the transparency
of any profile on the networks,
whether your personal networks,
your professional networks,
we even leave a trace of the
content we see, what we read
and the products we want
to buy or not.
Personal brand, in the end, is
very important for everyone, there
are very few people who work
it and those who work it or
we see benefited directly from
that shortage to the market,
we do not give importance to
what we transmit of ourselves.
What do you think are the keys or
guidelines that you could give a
person the advice to carry out
a real and feasible plan, to
build from scratch, I don't talk
to you from a negative area that
needs to depurate a reputation,
but yes from scratch, a personal
brand?
What are the lines of action
you would recommend?
Well, I think my first recommendation
is not just being, but appearing,
would work a lot on visual content,
images, whether there are videos,
what kind of videos there are,
what information we share, whether
we are friends of people or not,
share our connections on LinkedIn,
have the public, private profile.
First step for me, images, second
step content, third step, tastes,
affinities, leave our digital
footprint on those sites we
want you to know we have
on the radar.
One thing that professionally people
do not do much is validate the skills,
that people validate you, have
good recommendations,
follow those brands that represent
you or with which you feel
somehow identified, and
gradually go sowing in what
we want to be or look
like in the digital environment.
It is not 100% what you are,
but what you want to convey.
Today, in the digital age, which
is already a reality,
we can become almost anyone.
I could make myself look like
a rock star, I could make myself
look like a mathematician or even
a businessman.
Then, personal branding opens doors
to you and then you are the
one who has to, in some way, be
up to those opportunities.
Then, image, content, connections,
information, and then already
affinities or that trace we
are leaving.
You were talking about content and today
there is infinite amount of
content on the network.
What do you consider to be
most valuable?
Those people who are at the latest
at the reception and share certain
content that is supposed to
be of your interest or people
who develop from scratch content,
generate opinion, generate posts,
write articles on a topic,
have a personal blog,
what is more powerful?
Or both, what do you think?
I think it's a mix of everything.
They are not looking for
zero-content creators or people
who just share news.
It is always a mix.
It all depends on what type of profile
you are looking for, you
are trying to represent.
In the end, it is important to be faithful
to your content.
If you are a writer who publishes
your own content or shares
content that represents you and
you feel somehow linked to that
content, and if you are a Kik who
has to be up to date with the news,
note that the news you share
is because they have value for
that network of contacts
with which you are sharing it.
In the end, it is not about
quantity, but quality and consistency.
There are a lot of people who share a lot
of content the week that they are
looking for work and then stop doing it.
So, if you work within a company
and human resources people detect
this, they may even realize
that that person is
looking for work.
You must be constant and
be consistent with what
you do.
There are a lot of people trying
to appear, but you actually notice
what's good about doing something
for a bit by reviewing your story.